Mentor Notes
============


External From Alpha - "Focus on the user journey from a musician's perspective throughout the website and mobile app. 
Remember to show us what you can do and not just tell us about what you're doing or are going to do in the future."

Operational Reports counts for 10 marks in Beta

These reports with business decision making based on detailed statistics and report generation.
For our project, something like a count of the number of people with certain skills or genre within certain areas.

An example of areas can be cities in South Africa or just focus on cities within Gauteng for now.
Wthin each city, you can count each user's skills and their genres.
Now you'll have a list of skills with a count value as well as a list of genres and a count value.

An example

User                Skills                    Genre
 A           Guitar, Vocals, Piano            Jazz
 B           Flute, Piano, Song Writer        Jazz
 C           DJ, Vocals, Drums                Rock
 D           Vocals, Flute                   Classic

From the list of skills, the most common ones are Vocals as it appears 3 times followed by Piano and Flute
Jazz is most preferred genre among these users as it appears twice

Studios will be interested in this information when they look at the website.
It can help determine which skills people are focusing on the most including the genre.
Studio managers can then decide to advertise to hire people following the trend if the studio is focused on class/jazz with vocals or use a different
strategy such as releasing their music in a different area or city where people will most likely be interested in based on the Events created and people
found in the Radar. 

Another idea you can add is app usage vs website usage in terms of registration, login and viewing.
This is more abstract and how you define the type of business decision that can be made is more flexible.
You can use this as verification and evidence to make a claim. 

An example "Many musicians are busy and are constantly finding people of a particular genre or skill."
"This is based on the number of registered accounts and logins usage from the app vs website, many people prefer the website for account creation because
 it looks good and the user feels part of a music network. After registering they immediately go to the Radar and Events as you can see by the graphs/charts. 
 Most business decisions are made early in each month because the website views spike in the first week as show by the line graph. This is because they
 want to stay ahead of the competition."
 
